Fix broken link (#14188)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/controls/control-authoring-overview.md

You do not need to define a resource for every theme. If a resource is not defined for a specific theme, then the control checks `Classic.xaml` for the resource. If the resource is not defined in the file that corresponds to the current theme or in `Classic.xaml`, the control uses the generic resource, which is in a resource dictionary file named `generic.xaml`.  The `generic.xaml` file is located in the same folder as the theme-specific resource dictionary files. Although `generic.xaml` does not correspond to a specific Windows theme, it is still a theme-level dictionary.

> [C#](https://github.com/dotnet/samples/tree/master/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_Wpf/CustomControlNumericUpDown/CSharp) or [Visual Basic](https://github.com/dotnet/samples/tree/master/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_Wpf/CustomControlNumericUpDown/visualbasic) NumericUpDown Custom Control with Theme and UI Automation Support Sample contains two resource dictionaries for the `NumericUpDown` control: one is in generic.xaml and one is in Luna.NormalColor.xaml.  You can run the application and switch between the Silver theme in Windows XP and another theme to see the difference between the two control templates. (If you are running Windows Vista, you can rename Luna.NormalColor.xaml to Aero.NormalColor.xaml and switch between two themes, such as Windows Classic and the default theme for Windows Vista.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [C#](https://github.com/dotnet/samples/tree/master/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_Wpf/CustomControlNumericUpDown/CSharp) or [Visual Basic](https://github.com/dotnet/samples/tree/master/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_Wpf/CustomControlNumericUpDown/visualbasic) NumericUpDown custom control with theme and UI automation support sample contains two resource dictionaries for the `NumericUpDown` control: one is in generic.xaml, and the other is in Luna.NormalColor.xaml. 
```
It seems best to remove this detail, since Windows XP isn't supported, and how to switch themes isn't discussed here (and is beyond the scope of the topic).
